and Jehoshaphat rested with his father's
and was buried with his father's in the
City of David Ben jehoram his son
reigned in his place he had brothers the
sons of Jehoshaphat Azariah Jehiel
Zechariah as our Yahoo Michael and chef
attire all these were the sons of
Jehoshaphat king of Israel their father
gave them great gifts of silver and gold
and precious things with fortified
cities in Judah but he gave the Kingdom
to G harem because he was the firstborn
now when G harem was established over
the kingdom of his father he
strengthened himself and killed all his
brothers with the sword and also others
of the princes of Israel jihad Rome was
32 years old when he became King and he
reigned eight years in Jerusalem and he
walked in the way of the kings of Israel
just as the house of Ahab had done for
he had the daughter of Ahab as a wife
and he did evil in the sight of the Lord
yet the Lord would not destroy the house
of David because of the covenant that he
had made with David and since he had
promised to give a lamp to him and to
his sons forever
in his days Edom revolted against
Judah's authority and made a king over
themselves so Jehoram went out with his
officers and all his chariots with him
and he rose by night and attacked the
who had surrounded him and the
captains of the chariots thus Edom has
been in revolt against Judah's authority
to this day at that time Lib nur
revolted against his rule because he had
forsaken the Lord God of his father's
moreover he made high places in the
mountains of Judah and caused the
inhabitants of Jerusalem to commit
harlotry and led Judah astray and a
letter came to him from Elisha the
prophet thus says the Lord God of your
father David because you have not walked
in the ways of Jehoshaphat your father
or in the ways of ASA king of Judah but
have walked in the way of the kings of
Israel and have made Judah and the
inhabitants of Jerusalem to play the
harlots like the harlotry
of the house of Ahab and also have
killed your brothers those of your
father's household who are better than
yourself behold the Lord will strike
your people with a serious affliction
your children your wives and all your
possessions and you will become very
sick with the disease of your intestines
until your intestines come out by reason
of the sickness day by day moreover the
Lord stirred up against Jehan the spirit
of the Philistines and the Arabians who
are near the Ethiopians and they came up
into Judah and invaded it and carried
away all the possessions that were found
in the king's house doors whose sons and
his workers so that there was not a son
left
except jaha has the youngest of his sons
after all this the Lord struck him in
his intestines with an incurable disease
then it happened in the course of time
after the end of two years that his
intestines came out because of his
sickness so he died in severe pain and
his people made no burning for him like
the burning for his father's he was 32
years old when he became king he reigned
in Jerusalem eight years and to no one
sorrow departed
however they buried him in the City of
David but not in the tombs of the Kings
you